[Music]
indeed him of the future of the planet
under necessary shock to the system I am
human evolutionary change
bulletproof superhuman
who the hell are you bad guy the mission
has been compromised
we need help
[Music]
our targets name is Brixton he's a ghost
we're gonna need the best trackers in
the business Luke Hobbs on what you call
a nice cold can of whoop-ass career-low
man always gets his guy we're gonna need
to operate outside the system Deckard
Shaw I'm what you might call a champagne
problem
rogue former mi6 agent doesn't play well
with others if we stand a chance against
Brixton you guys have to work together
this job requires stealth
look at you I'm trying to save the world
which for the record may be my fourth
time cuz I'm really good at it you have
no idea what we're dealing with
Hobbs is sure
you know in a war
you've got one
remember me
[Music]
what
three shocks will kill a man there we go
the bad guy spits oh I've got big mouths
huh yeah I thought it was cool things in
the moment
[Music]